Update CI section (#144)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: execution-without-ci.mdx

icon: "person-digging"
---

If you don't have pipelines or you just want to manually trigger the test execution, you can do it with a cURL command.
You can retrieve it conviniently with prefilled parameters from within the app by selecting `in app via terminal` from the `generate report` button on the overview page:

<Frame caption="generate a test report from the terminal, screenshot 02/2024">
  <img
    src="/images/rerun-in-cli-modal.png"
    alt="modal to retrieve the curl command"
  />
</Frame>

You can see how to set up your `API key` below.

> The command will return a response with link to your test report, looking like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command will return a response with a link to your test report, looking like this:
```

```JSON
{ "testReportUrl": "https://app.octomind.dev/testreports/<some-id>" }
```

> In this link, you can find the test report containing all test results of your execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you follow this link, you can find the test report containing all test results of your execution.
```
